Add new services to the profiler (#17492)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/profiler.markdown

| `type` | no | The type of object to dump to the log.

When `start_log_objects` highlights the growth of a collection of objects in memory, this service can help investigate. The `repr` of each object that matches `type` will be logged.

### Service `profiler.log_thread_frames`

> To help discover run away threads, why the executor is overloaded, or other threading problem, the current frames for each running thread will be logged when this service is called.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To help discover run away threads, why the executor is overloaded, or other threading problems, the current frames for each running thread will be logged when this service is called.
```

    self._state = STATE_ON if self._bridge.is_on() else STATE_OFF
  File "/usr/src/homeassistant/homeassistant/components/samsungtv/bridge.py", line 72, in is_on
    return self._get_remote() is not None
  File "/usr/src/homeassistant/homeassistant/components/samsungtv/bridge.py", line 274, in _get_remote
    self._remote.open()
  File "/usr/local/lib/python3.8/site-packages/samsungtvws/remote.py", line 146, in open
    self.connection = websocket.create_connection(
  File "/usr/local/lib/python3.8/site-packages/websocket/_core.py", line 511, in create_connection
    websock.connect(url, **options)
  File "/usr/local/lib/python3.8/site-packages/websocket/_core.py", line 219, in connect
    self.sock, addrs = connect(url, self.sock_opt, proxy_info(**options),
  File "/usr/local/lib/python3.8/site-packages/websocket/_http.py", line 120, in connect
    sock = _open_socket(addrinfo_list, options.sockopt, options.timeout)
  File "/usr/local/lib/python3.8/site-packages/websocket/_http.py", line 170, in _open_socket
    sock.connect(address)
```

### Service `profiler.log_event_loop_scheduled`

> Log what is scheduled in the event loop. This can be helpful in in tracking down integrations that do not stop listeners on stop or do not have sufficient locking to avoid scheduling updates before the previous update finished.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log what is scheduled in the event loop. This can be helpful in tracking down integrations that do not stop listeners when Home Assistant stops or do not have sufficient locking to avoid scheduling updates before the previous update is finished.
```
